c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinReport\FinReport\obj\Debug\FinReport.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinReport\FinReport\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinReport\FinReport\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinReport\FinReport\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinReport\FinReport\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinReport\FinReport\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinReport\FinReport\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinReport\FinReport\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinReport\FinReport\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinReport\FinReport\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinReport\FinReport\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinReport\FinReport\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinReport\FinReport\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinReport\FinReport\bin\FinReport.dll.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinReport\FinReport\bin\FinReport.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinReport\FinReport\bin\FinReport.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinReport\FinReport\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinReport\FinReport\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinReport\FinReport\bin\Oracle.DataAccess.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinReport\FinReport\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinReport\FinReport\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinReport\FinReport\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinReport\FinReport\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinReport\FinReport\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinReport\FinReport\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinReport\FinReport\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinReport\FinReport\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinReport\FinReport\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinReport\FinReport\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinReport\FinReport\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinReport\FinReport\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinReport\FinReport\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinReport\FinReport\obj\Debug\FinReport.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinReport\FinReport\obj\Debug\FinReport.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinReport\FinReport\bin\libeay32.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinReport\FinReport\bin\libgcc_s_dw2-1.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinReport\FinReport\bin\mingwm10.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinReport\FinReport\bin\ssleay32.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinReport\FinReport\bin\wkhtmltox0.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinReport\FinReport\bin\Common.Logging.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinReport\FinReport\bin\itextsharp.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinReport\FinReport\bin\itextsharp.pdfa.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinReport\FinReport\bin\Pechkin.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinReport\FinReport\bin\Pechkin.Synchronized.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\FinReport\FinReport\bin\itextsharp.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\FinanceReporting\FinReport\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\FinanceReporting\FinReport\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\FinanceReporting\FinReport\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\FinanceReporting\FinReport\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\FinanceReporting\FinReport\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\FinanceReporting\FinReport\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\FinanceReporting\FinReport\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\FinanceReporting\FinReport\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\FinanceReporting\FinReport\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\FinanceReporting\FinReport\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\FinanceReporting\FinReport\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\FinanceReporting\FinReport\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\FinanceReporting\FinReport\bin\libeay32.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\FinanceReporting\FinReport\bin\libgcc_s_dw2-1.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\FinanceReporting\FinReport\bin\mingwm10.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\FinanceReporting\FinReport\bin\ssleay32.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\FinanceReporting\FinReport\bin\wkhtmltox0.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\FinanceReporting\FinReport\bin\FinReport.dll.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\FinanceReporting\FinReport\bin\FinReport.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\FinanceReporting\FinReport\bin\FinReport.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\FinanceReporting\FinReport\bin\Common.Logging.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\FinanceReporting\FinReport\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\FinanceReporting\FinReport\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\FinanceReporting\FinReport\bin\Oracle.DataAccess.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\FinanceReporting\FinReport\bin\Pechkin.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\FinanceReporting\FinReport\bin\Pechkin.Synchronized.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\FinanceReporting\FinReport\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\FinanceReporting\FinReport\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\FinanceReporting\FinReport\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\FinanceReporting\FinReport\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\FinanceReporting\FinReport\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\FinanceReporting\FinReport\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\FinanceReporting\FinReport\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\FinanceReporting\FinReport\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\FinanceReporting\FinReport\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\FinanceReporting\FinReport\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\FinanceReporting\FinReport\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\FinanceReporting\FinReport\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\FinanceReporting\FinReport\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\FinanceReporting\FinReport\obj\Debug\FinReport.dll
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\GitHub\FinanceReporting\FinReport\obj\Debug\FinReport.pdb
